
OK. So considering my financial situation and the way I've started prioritizing mods I think my summer plans have considerably changed. I've been looking more and more into tools more than parts. I've been liking the idea of doing preventative maintenance and aesthetic mods more than performance fun parts as of lately. I think if I ever will end up tacking performance mods on the car, it'll be after I'm comfortable doing so, I want a tasteful and daily-able build before I make it any faster. I bought the Targas about 3 weeks back now and I put up my tires on marketplace this morning. I could still use them but they'd stretch. I though they we're 17 inches and that they we're old random all season tires but the tires I got with the car are surprisingly good. I was shocked when I saw the writing on the rubber yesterday saying "Khumo Ecsta PS71" and the number "3822" (might be wrong on the week). Only issue is I was aiming to get 235/40/18 and not 215/40/18 as on 18x8s, they'd stretch. So while they're in good condition, might as well throw em up on marketplace to soften the blow when I get some pirellis P zeros. As of right now im more concerned on school and gas money more than anything, but when the semester comes to an end I'd be looking at these changes (in order):

1. Milwaukee m18 impact wrench (mid torque)
2. olsatools CR-MO 1/2 inch stubby impact sockets
3. Tires + balance 
4. Short throw shifter + transmission fluid fllush + nice knob

Then, mid summer I'd like to redo the whole front end. What I mean by this is, I'd take apart the entire front end of the car and make a bunch of aesthetic, preventative and performance related changes. I would first address the bumper sag by doing the mod in [[Bumper Sag]], Then while I'm at it, Id do the mesh grill to complete the front bumper and also to show off the new Radiator I'd be getting. While changing the radiator, I'd do a coolant flush and while I have access to it, I'd change the water pump (and maybe AC compressor if I see it's old) and serpentine belt. While having access to the pulleys, I'd change out the heavy pulleys to some nice lightweight pulleys. To then really complete the look of the front end, I'd put up my headlights on ebay or marketplace, to afford some specD aftermarket headlights. AFTER ALL OF THIS, I'd start considering FBO mods if I still have time and money, like exhaust, FMIC (depending if I can get away with getting one without a tune) etc etc. Mind you, I don't know if the old owner has beat this car, and I want to experience it as if it were new (or close to it). I think this is a fair and frugal way to treat my first car, the first summer I've had my hands on it. Plus, as said before, it'll give me confidence to do more stuff to it while not being completely boring (no insane power gain), because at least it'll look way better.
