
HELLO HELLO FIRST ENTRY. Okay basically this is not a performance entry at all. Right now it's winter and it's shitty snowy. There's like one and a million things about the car that I've noticed that bother me like chipped paint, cracked leather, cracked bumper yadiya and I will address everything but right now, I want to address the biggest elephant in the room which is, GDI. I will probably write something about this in my notes but from the research I've read, the 2015 VT gets a good amount of carbon buildup which can lead to knock, bad fuel economy and loss of performance amongst other things. As it sits my VT is at like 176.5 thousand km and I doubt any of the past owners have taken that point of failure into account and have done something about it. For some reason in Montreal, NO ONE does this service (carbon cleaning). I had been looking for like 3 weeks straight for a place that does korean walnut or dry-ice blasting but to no avail. Luckily, I called this european car shop called Strasse Autowerks, and they quoted me for 560 + tax and I have an appointment on the 20th @ 10 AM. I'm also booked at a Hyundai dealership for some recalls on my platform for ABS and underbody corrosion as well as normal oil change and inspection for like 120. I've also went ahead and bought the tools and parts required for spark plug replacement because I have no idea when was the last time they had been replaced. The spark plugs are some HKS M40XL for like 110$ from N75 motorsports (heard theyre busted). I'm pretty sure the spark plugs can also accrue carbon on top of just being worn out so just being safe. Han right now is still kind of rough, like I was driving it today and like it idles funny and riding feels like I'm constantly riding on gravel. I think that doing all of these maintenance services will drastically improve the feel of the car and ideally I want to have the car feel brand new. We'll see. (As of writing this SPARK PLUGS ARE COMING TMR WWW).