

Okay so, I've been driving right and hit a MASSIVE pothole on the highway fml. Basically, I think this was already an issue but now it more noticeable but, the car at anything over 40km/h will stutter very slightly but enough to be annoying. Like it just makes the driving experience not fun. I know it's not the engine because it does this even when I ride the clutch so it's not the trans or engine (good thing). I'm looking at a set of sparcos and avan wheels on FB for 700 (actual steal) so I think the plan is : get those in like end february, install and get them balanced. While I install them, I'll take a look at the suspension and check what is out of whack. I really don't want to get new coilovers just yet because those are mad expensive and I wanted to do shifter upgrade and exhaust first (maybe exhaust first). I'm hoping it's just bad bushings and tie rods. If replacing those parts does the trick I'd be mega happy because Ideally I'd want to do coilovers in like fall or something. Also I was looking at the email I got from N75 and like, tuning will run me up 2k 😅. 2k canadian though and I get 3 free revisions so like lowkey not horrible. I don't need a tune just yet but like when I do FMIC and WMI, that'll run me up like a solid 4k. Everything is coming together but DAMN that shit expensive. Rn though, mainly looking at wheels, and short throw shifters, nothing crazy crazy. Update coming soon `o7`.

#### NEAR FUTURE
---
1. [x] Jack and jackstand
2. [x] Dealership service (oil and recall)
3. [x] Strasse Autowerks carbon clean + new sparkplugs
4. [ ] Transmission Oil + new bushings + STS

== summer ==

5. [ ] wheels + alignment + balance
6. [ ] Coilovers + alignment
7.  [ ] Fix Bumper sag + mesh grill
8.  [ ] MBRP Catback Exhaust + catted DP (no tune too poor)
